{
    "stages":1,
    "dice": [ "1D20" ],
    "entries": {
        "1": "Ambitious. People are encouraged to seek power and wealth, and respect is given to those who succeed.",
        "2": "Animistic. The society has a deep love and reverence for their homeworl, and deplore any misuse of it.",
        "3": "Ascetic. Worldly pleasures and wealth are considered largely unnecessary or immoral, and are shuned.",
        "4": "Conformist. Any deviation from the traditions and beliefs of the society is punished.",
        "5": "Cosmopolitan. The society is inviting towards outsiders and eager to sample elements of other cultures.",
        "6": "Cruel. The pain and suffering of others is considered entertaining, especially those outside the group.",
        "7": "Curious. People are distinctly inquisitive and given to exploration and research - and spying on each other.",
        "8": "Envious. People who accumulate too much wealth or influence are often torn down by envious neighbors.",
        "9": "Fractious. The society is prone to sharp, harsh disputes and a shifting mosaic of ever-changing alliances.",
        "10": "Harmonious. Open conflict is shunned, as is direct disagreement. Disputes are settled in subtler fashion.",
        "11": "Hedonistic. The society prizes pleasures of all kinds above considerations of prudence or thrift.",
        "12": "Honorable. People feel a keen responsibility toward their duties and their personal integrity.",
        "13": "Individualistic. Members of the society can adopt eccentricities and strange beliefs without censure.",
        "14": "Pacifistic. The society has a horror of killing, and people do not consider lethal violence an acceptable tool.",
        "15": "Rational. The society is highly rationalistic and not given to religious or magical thinking.",
        "16": "Resigned. People lack ambition or hope, and endure their present difficulties with stoic patience.",
        "17": "Self-confident. The society is convinced that is a model of virtue and excellence, and that other, lesser cultures are in need of being reformed along its lines.",
        "18": "Self-loathing. The society feels that it has failed itself, that is detestable or contemptible and in need of reformation by other, more enlightened societies.",
        "19": "Suspicious. People expect that others usually mean to take advantage of them, and are always anticipating treachery from acquaintances.",
        "20": "Warlike. People respect and admire a capacity for physical aggression and lethal violence."
    }
}

